Update `CWC 2023` team listing/ruleset (#9243)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2023/en.md

- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive)
- [Donate to the prize pool](https://opencollective.com/osu-tournaments/events/osu-catch-world-cup-2023-3aaa5a51)

## Participants

> *Notice: Captains are listed in **bold**. The final team composition for each country is subject to change. If you have been selected as a captain, check your [inbox](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/chat) for more information. Countries not listed did not have enough players to meet the minimum team size criteria.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Notice: Captains are listed in **bold**.*

The final team composition for each country is subject to change. If you have been selected as a captain, [check your inbox](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/chat) for more information. Countries not listed did not have enough players to form a team.*
```

| ::{ flag=ES }:: | **Spain** | **[Patatitta](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16294034)** |
| ::{ flag=SE }:: | **Sweden** | **[Aceon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4452911)** |
| ::{ flag=CH }:: | **Switzerland** | **[MC2BP](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11296097)** |
| ::{ flag=TW }:: | **Taiwan** | **[Beepu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4958376)** |
| ::{ flag=TH }:: | **Thailand** | **[Azuria](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16102533)** |
| ::{ flag=TR }:: | **Turkey** | **[lorem ipsum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17130789)** |
| ::{ flag=GB }:: | **United Kingdom** | **[Matt\_H](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4067115)** |
| ::{ flag=US }:: | **United States** | **[Secre](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2306637)** |
| ::{ flag=VE }:: | **Venezuela** | **[jxrri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12686699)** |
| ::{ flag=VN }:: | **Vietnam** | **[Shu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4744615)** |

The complete sign-up list can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/LeoFLT/1c2dcba0393cd177d4b9b97cb9ccc60a#file-cwc-2023-player-list-csv).

## Ruleset

### Tournament rules

1. The osu!catch World Cup is a country-based 3 versus 3 double-elimination team tournament, played on the osu!catch game mode.

>    - Players from countries or territories (as seen on their profile flag) that are under a protectorate or sovereign state may choose to play for that country **if** the country listed on their profile is unable to field enough players to form a valid team. Refer to this [article](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_territory#Lists_of_dependent_territories) for an overview of the criteria that is adopted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Players from countries or territories (as seen on their profile flag) that are under a protectorate or sovereign state may choose to play for that country **if** the country listed on their profile is unable to field enough players to form a valid team. Refer to [this article](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_territory#Lists_of_dependent_territories) for an overview of the criteria that is adopted.
```
